NAME
    Module::Manifest - Parse and examine a Perl distribution MANIFEST file

DESCRIPTION
    Module::Manifest is a simple utility module created originally for use
    in Module::Inspector.

    It allows you to load the MANIFEST file that comes in a Perl
    distribution tarball, examine the contents, and perform some simple
    tasks.

    Granted, the functionality needed to do this is quite simple, but the
    Perl distribution MANIFEST specification contains a couple of little
    idiosyncracies, such as line comments and space-seperated inline
    comments.

    The use of this module means that any little nigglies are dealt with
    behind the scenes, and you can concentrate the main task at hand.

  Comparison to ExtUtil::Manifest
    This module is quite similar to ExtUtils::Manifest, or is at least
    similar in scope. However, there is a general difference in approach.

    ExtUtils::Manifest is imperative, requires the existance of the actual
    MANIFEST file on disk, and requires that your current directory remains
    the same.

    Module::Manifest treats the MANIFEST file as an object, can load a the
    file from anywhere on disk, and can run some of the same functionality
    without having to change your current directory context.

    That said, note that Module::Manifest is aimed at reading and checking
    existing MANFIFEST files, rather than creating new ones.

  METHODS
  new
      my $manifest = Module::Manifest->new( $filename );

    The "new" constructor takes the name of a MANIFEST file on disk and and
    creates a new object.

    At the present time, a new empty manifest object cannot be created,
    although this may be added in a later version.

    Return a Module::Manifest object or dies on error.

  file
    The "file" accessor returns the absolute path of the MANIFEST file that
    was loaded.

  dir
    The "dir" accessor returns the path to the directory that contains the
    MANIFEST file, and thus SHOULD be the root of the distribution.

  files
    The "files" method returns the (relative, unix-style) list of files
    within the manifest. In scalar context, returns the number of files in
    the manifest.

SUPPORT
    This module is stored in an Open Repository at the following address.

    <http://svn.ali.as/cpan/trunk/File-HomeDir>

    Write access to the repository is made available automatically to any
    published CPAN author, and to most other volunteers on request.

    If you are able to submit your bug report in the form of new (failing)
    unit tests, or can apply your fix directly instead of submitting a
    patch, you are strongly encouraged to do so. The author currently
    maintains over 100 modules and it may take some time to deal with
    non-Critical bug reports or patches.

    This will guarentee that your issue will be addressed in the next
    release of the module.

    If you cannot provide a direct test or fix, or don't have time to do so,
    then regular bug reports are still accepted and appreciated via the CPAN
    bug tracker.

    <http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Module-Manifest>

    For other issues, for commercial enhancement and support, or to have
    your write access enabled for the repository, contact the author at the
    email address above.

AUTHORS
    Adam Kennedy <adamk@cpan.org>

SEE ALSO
    ExtUtils::Manifest

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright 2006 - 2008 Adam Kennedy.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

    The full text of the license can be found in the LICENSE file included
    with this module.

